
Who Am I
It’s my pleasure to make a speech here!
Today, my topic is “Who am I”, so let me talk about myself. I’m Tina, from Guangchang county, Jiangxi province. (Is there anyone in the room from Jiangxi?) You may heard of some places of Jiangxi, such as Nanchang, Jinggangshan, Wuyuan, Ganzhou and so on. The popular fruit—赣南脐橙 is from Jiangxi. My hometown -Guangchang is located in the middle of Jiangxi, it has lots of mountains, but without too many industries, so the air quality is very good, the sky is always blue. The specialty of Guangchang is lotus nut (莲子)，do you know 银耳莲子羹，it means that kind of 莲子. Guangchang was rewarded with Largest Lotus field by Guinness World Records in 2016. So when the lotus is in bloom in the summer, it attracts huge numbers of tourists to come to Guangchang to see the beautiful scene. “接天莲叶无穷碧，映日荷花别样红”, the poem perfectly describe the scene.
 
Many people like cooking, such as Andy talked last time, he enjoys to make some foods to his family and they like the food he made, it’s a happy thing. I also make some dishes for my family sometimes, but comparing to cooking, I prefer to do the cleaning after a meal. I believe most of you may not like the task, right? But I like, I like to wash the dishes to make them clean; and I like to clean the kitchen to let my husband or my father in laws have a clean place to cook the food. You know, a clean and comfortable environment can make people have a good mood, and with a good mood, the cook can make more delicious food. Another cause I like to do the cleaning because after the cooking, I often feel full even I do not eat anything. (do you have the same feeling like me?). So if have choice, to do the cleaning after a meal is more preferable than cooking. 
